---
title: "MY PROJECT"
date: 2023-01-31T21:12:30-05:00
draft: false
---

For my senior project, I plan to do a data science project because this semester I take three classes related to data: data analytics, economics statistics, and artificial intelligence. Therefore, I want to know more about what I can do with the data. My intended project topic is “using machine learning model to predict the food demand in a restaurant”. Every day in college, I see people wasting food in the school dining hall. This food waste is great harm to the environment. Increasing food waste management not only boosts the efficiency of the school dining hall but also makes a good impact on sustainable development. Last week, I found an article related to my project on google scholar “preventing food waste in subsidy-based university dining systems: An artificial neural network-aided model under uncertainty”. This article helps me to understand the steps to do my future research from collecting data, presenting the data, and how to show the result of the research. For the data collection step, I plan to collect data from some stations in the Allegheny College Mc-Kinsley stations and develop a model to predict the demand for food for each day of the week. Moreover, my model can tell the seller which products they sell the most and the amount of food needed to prepare each product. Finally, I’m thinking about some future applications of my project such as using the model to predict the amount of water used or the number of crops to grow to help the farmers increase their profits.
